[DOC-166] Added rust-postgres smart driver (#20127)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/drivers-orms/rust/yb-rust-postgres.md

### Step 1: Set up the database connection

The following table describes the connection parameters required to connect, including [smart driver parameters](../../smart-drivers/) for uniform and topology load balancing.

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| :-------- | :---------- | :------ |
| host | Host name of the YugabyteDB instance. You can also enter [multiple addresses](#use-multiple-addresses). |  |
| port | Listen port for YSQL | 5433 |
| database/dbname | Database name |  |
| user | User connecting to the database |  |
| password | User password |  |
| `load_balance` | [Uniform load balancing](../../smart-drivers/#cluster-aware-connection-load-balancing) | Defaults to upstream driver behavior unless set to 'true' |
| `topology_keys` | [Topology-aware load balancing](../../smart-drivers/#topology-aware-connection-load-balancing) | If `load_balance` is true, uses uniform load balancing unless set to comma-separated geo-locations in the form `cloud.region.zone`. |
| yb_servers_refresh_interval | If load_balance is true, the interval in seconds to refresh the servers list | 300 seconds

> |

Reviewer: Added 2 more parameters in the doc, please add those here also. Thanks

To start building your application, make sure you have met the [prerequisites](../#prerequisites).

### Step 1: Set up the database connection

The following table describes the connection parameters required to connect, including [smart driver parameters](../../smart-drivers/) for uniform and topology load balancing.

| Parameter | Description | Default |
| :-------- | :---------- | :------ |
| host | Host name of the YugabyteDB instance. You can also enter [multiple addresses](#use-multiple-addresses). |  |
| port | Listen port for YSQL | 5433 |
| database/dbname | Database name |  |
| user | User connecting to the database |  |
| password | User password |  |
| `load_balance` | [Uniform load balancing](../../smart-drivers/#cluster-aware-connection-load-balancing) | Defaults to upstream driver behavior unless set to 'true' |
| `topology_keys` | [Topology-aware load balancing](../../smart-drivers/#topology-aware-connection-load-balancing) | If `load_balance` is true, uses uniform load balancing unless set to comma-separated geo-locations in the form `cloud.region.zone`. |

> | yb_servers_refresh_interval | If load_balance is true, the interval in seconds to refresh the servers list | 300 seconds|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| yb_servers_refresh_interval | If load_balance is true, the interval in seconds to refresh the servers list | 300 |
```

> | fallback_to_topology_keys_only | When set to true, if all the servers in the primary and fallback placements are down, the smart driver does not fallback to the rest of the servers in the cluster, instead to the nodes given in the connection URL. | false |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| fallback_to_topology_keys_only | If all the servers in the primary and fallback topology key placements are down, fall back to the host(s) specified in the connection URL, instead of to nodes across the entire cluster. | false |
```

> | failed_host_reconnect_delay_secs | Mark the server as "UP" only if `failed-host-reconnect-delay-secs` duration has elapsed from the last time it was marked "DOWN". | 5 seconds |

Reviewer 2: Don't get it...
"Duration in seconds to wait from the last time a server was marked DOWN before marking it as UP."
What server? What is marking it as up? What if it isn't up? Is this a retry interval? If so, why the complicated name?

The following is an example connection string for connecting to YugabyteDB:

```sh
postgresql://127.0.0.1:5433/yugabyte?user=yugabyte&password=yugabyte& \

>     yb_servers_refresh_interval=0& \

Reviewer 2: 0 doesn't seem like a reasonable example refresh interval

    load_balance=true& \
    topology_keys=cloud1.datacenter1.rack2
```

After the driver establishes the initial connection, it fetches the list of available servers from the cluster, and load-balances subsequent connection requests across these servers.

#### Use multiple addresses

You can specify multiple hosts in the connection string to provide alternative options during the initial connection in case the primary address fails.

{{< tip title="Tip">}}
To obtain a list of available hosts, you can connect to any cluster node and use the `yb_servers()` YSQL function.
{{< /tip >}}

Delimit the addresses using commas, as follows:

```sh
postgresql://127.0.0.1:5433,127.0.0.2:5433/yugabyte?user=yugabyte&password=yugabyte& \
    yb_servers_refresh_interval=0& \
    load_balance=true& \
    topology_keys=cloud1.datacenter1.rack2&fallback_to_topology_keys_only=true
```

The hosts are only used during the initial connection attempt. If the first host is down when the driver is connecting, the driver attempts to connect to the next host in the string, and so on.

> 

Reviewer 2: Missing options to connect using TLS/SSL

Author: @HarshDaryani896 - what about SSL options?

Reviewer: TLS/SSL steps added.

### Step 2: Write your application

Make sure that you have created a new rust project as part of the [prerequisites](../#prerequisites).

1. Add `yb-postgres = "0.19.7-yb-1-beta` dependency in the `Cargo.toml` file as follows:

    ```toml
    [package]
    name = "HelloWorld-rust"
    version = "0.1.0"
    edition = "2021"

    # See more keys and their definitions at https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html

    [dependencies]
    yb-postgres = "0.19.7-yb-1-beta"
    ```

> 1. Replace the existing code in `src/main.rs` with the following sample code to set up tables and query the table contents. Replace the connection string `connection_url` with the cluster credential, if required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Replace the existing code in `src/main.rs` with the following sample code to set up tables and query the table contents. Replace the values in the connection string `connection_url` with the database credentials, if required.
```
